[Music]
welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're gonna visit the aquatic gods of
old with the 2001 film Dagon let's get
to it
we opened on an underwater diver
descending into an eye hole of sorts
seeking the mysteries of the deep he
finds an alluring woman who startles him
awake in the subsequent exposition we
find that this is a recurring nightmare
for Paul and that he and Barbara are on
a boat vacation after receiving a large
investment in some type of business
venture which occupies his full
attention and prevents him from being
able to relax and have fun
barb decides to give him a lesson in fun
but the files it's clear that Paul needs
to loosen up when even his benefactor
Howard and his wife Vicki are unfazed by
his inability to check their investment
they soon find themselves pummeled by a
severe storm howard intends to take the
boat away from the reef but navigates
them directly into a rock instead below
decks Vicki finds herself pinned between
the rock and the full weight of the boat
they try to tell her that it'll all be
okay but not so sure when it becomes
apparent that no help is coming from the
town they begin to raft their way over
back on the boat we see that Vicki feels
something in the oily water so Howard
starts shooting blindly back on shore
they investigate the seemingly abandoned
town and Paul notices the symbol from
its dreams then they find a priest to
help who pairs Paul up with a couple of
boat enthusiasts to go out and retrieve
Howard and Vicki meanwhile Barbara is
led through the town now much more
actively occupied but mostly by pale
weirdos she's taken to the innkeeper who
she has a hard time getting to
understand her needs so the priest steps
in to help the innkeeper he helps the
innkeeper in the alcove Paul finds the
boat strangely empty other than Vicki's
marital towel when they return he's told
that Barbara is at the hotel but the
innkeeper keeps at his game
Paul notices a few fishy things about
the hotel as he makes his way to his
room which is free of most amenities
other than a few right when he collapses
in despair Barbara shows up
oh no luckily it was just a dream and he
wakes up to some sort of block party
going on downstairs they really wanted
to go for the keg stand record so they
bust into his room and chased him around
a bit confident he'll be able to safely
break his fall he dives through a
plate-glass window and it hides out in
the tannery where they cure human hides
and Howard's they're now understanding
the full stakes of his predicament
Paul lights this [ __ ] up and escapes in
the pandemonium he runs across a seaman
who reluctantly agrees to help him if
can get past their language barrier hazy
whoo why with only slight prompting he
begins to tell Paul the tale of this
town because it's been so long since
anyone's just listened it started as a
fishing town but without enough fish to
go around the residents prayed for
intervention but found that Jesus
required them to mostly do things on
their own nobody wants that one day a
mysterious stranger rolled in and
offered them up a god of a more fishy
persuasion a small faction of the
residents took part in and ritualizing
and called forth unspeakable horrors
from the sea and it worked
allowing them to start pulling fish and
gold relics from the sea like it was
candy so they destroyed their idols to
be replaced by oh oh is that kind of
cult to be replaced by other idols when
their sea-bound bounty slows up they
start sacrificing to please the eldritch
god that they summoned and that brings
us to the flourishing coastal town of
today Paul's not totally buying his
story but since the zekiel knows the
whereabouts of the one car in town paul
rolls with it the longshoreman lays down
a distraction but paul is only able to
hotwire the horn requiring him to run
off he eventually ends up in a room
occupied by the woman of his dreams he
finds that she's been waiting for him so
is immediately good to go so Paul gets
in there yeah but doesn't get far before
freaking out about her gills and then he
runs off Oh grow up that's every man's
dream on the way out he discovers that
fish man's got nerds retries the car
with keys this time but doesn't make it
very far before finding a pedestrian
stuck in his radiator requiring him to
continue on foot he only gets a moment
of respite before being narked on by
sergey who will Ertz his Sharktopus
father resulting in Paul getting a nasty
swirly luckily his shoulders are super
flexible but when he gets outside they
finally net him
he wakes up in prison finding barb alive
with Ezekiel and Vicki Vicki lost lower
portion of her leg but they have a plan
to address that try not to think about
it oh hey thanks dick she also reveals
that her belly's been fertilized with
the amphibious seed they wait for their
fishy captors to lower their guard and
then unleash the power of issue Andrew
karate but these guys are total beavers
and our heroes are subdued in short
order
the thought of what comes next is too
much for Vicki who apps to take this a
poopoo way out Paul tries to buy their
freedom but the town is actually stupid
rich with golden artifacts they just
want flesh and blood for Dagon Ezekiel
is first in line and they proceed to
deke love his head which is nasty
luckily they started there because oh
she had charges it and lays claim to
Paul's genitals and Barbara has been
selected to bear Dagon's child so it
would have been pretty
awkward for them if they had gone
alphabetically Paul doesn't accept his
feat however and decides to slash these
power tops until dead then heads to the
church with the gas can through the
subterranean tunnels he follows the
rancid smell eventually finding them
lowering bara by a trapeze Paul attempts
to save the day by setting the
spectators on fire and slowly cranking
her out of the oily water but he's too
late as he gets the contraption back to
the top and thinks dag gone
they finally overpower him and expose it
that he's the son of the town leader and
a child of Dagon and OSHA is his half
sister which is a real bummer for their
budding romance
oh we're not if that's what it's like in
this family however he demonstrates his
commitment to the idea that mermaids are
better with the lady part on the bottom
in the fish part on top through
self-immolation mushiya knocks her
brother lover into the water dousing the
flames and prompting his final
transition to fish boy we end with him
breathing underwater and finding a kind
of Pleasant appearing to finally accept
his true self and that was Dagon
I love crafty and Nightmare story for
people who enjoy boating if you enjoyed
the video I'd love for you to become a
part of the channel by subscribing
thanks for watching